Add Scala 2.13 support to highlights (#9008)
playframework/playframework: documentation/manual/releases/release27/Highlights27.md

This page highlights the new features of Play 2.7. If you want to learn about the changes you need to make when you migrate to Play 2.7, check out the [[Play 2.7 Migration Guide|Migration27]].

## Scala 2.13 support

> Play 2.7 is the first release of Play to have been cross built against Scala 2.13.0-M5, 2.12, and 2.11. A number of dependencies were updated so that we can have support for these versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Play 2.7 is the first release of Play that is cross-built against Scala 2.13.0-M5, 2.12, and 2.11. A number of dependencies were updated to achieve this.
```

You can select which version of Scala you would like to use by setting the `scalaVersion` setting in your `build.sbt`.

For Scala 2.12:

```scala
scalaVersion := "2.12.8"
```

For Scala 2.11:

```scala
scalaVersion := "2.11.12"
```

> For Scala 2.13.0-M3:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Scala 2.13.0-M5:
```

```scala
scalaVersion := "2.13.0-M5"
```

> > **Note:** keep in mind that Scala 2.13 does not have a stable release yet (see the [roadmap here](https://www.scala-lang.org/news/roadmap-2.13.html)). Therefore, it is possible that not all dependencies for you project have artifacts for this version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** keep in mind that Scala 2.13 does not have a stable release yet (see the [roadmap here](https://www.scala-lang.org/news/roadmap-2.13.html)). Therefore, it is possible that not all dependencies for your project have artifacts for this version.
```
